---
title: 13000-13099 List Object
---
<table class="table table-hover">
<thead align="left">
<tr>
<th>Error</th>
<th>Message</th>
<th>Resolution</th>
</tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr>
<td>13000</td>
<td>List Not Found</td>
<td>Ensure your call includes the correct ListID for the list you wish to access.</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>13001</td>
<td>List ID Not Specified</td>
<td>Ensure your call includes the correct ListID for the list you wish to access</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>13002</td>
<td>Exception During Delete</td>
<td>Review the error information provided by the exception and resolve the issue before attempting another deletion.</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>13003</td>
<td>Salesforce Not Enabled</td>
<td>Ensure that your account includes a properly configured Salesforce integration.</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>13004</td>
<td>Unknown List ID</td>
<td>Ensure your call includes the correct ListID for the list you wish to access.</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>13005</td>
<td>List Subscriber Error</td>
<td>Ensure that you correctly included all relevant subscriber information.</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>13006</td>
<td>On List Already</td>
<td>You cannot add a subscriber to the same list twice.</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>13007</td>
<td>Not On List</td>
<td>Ensure that you correctly included all relevant subscriber information.</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>13008</td>
<td>Salesforce List Not Allowed</td>
<td>Ensure the list you selected does not use the Salesforce integration.</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>13009</td>
<td>List Category Invalid</td>
<td>Ensure that you provide valid category information for this list.</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>13010</td>
<td>List Name Too Long</td>
<td>Ensure that your list name does not exceed 50 characters.</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>13011</td>
<td>Multiple master lists returned</td>
<td>Ensure that you reference the correct master list for your account. Ids are (ID | OID | Key).</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>13012</td>
<td>List Cannot Be Updated</td>
<td>You cannot make updates to the selected list. Ensure that you reference the correct list in your call.</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>13013</td>
<td>List Validation Error</td>
<td>Ensure that the selected list meets the validation standards for sends.</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>13014</td>
<td>Invalid List Status</td>
<td>Ensure that your call includes a valid status for the specified list</td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>