---
title: 18000 - 18999
---
<table class="table table-hover">
<thead align="left">
<tr>
<th>Error</th>
<th>Type</th>
<th>Message</th>
<th>Resolution</th>
</tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr>
<td>18000</td>
<td>Validation</td>
<td>Triggered Send Object not found</td>
<td>Ensure you are passing a TriggeredSend object into the API call.</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>18001</td>
<td>Validation</td>
<td>The Triggered Send Definition is not completely configured or in a new status</td>
<td>Complete the configuration of the Triggered Send Definition or start the Triggered SendDefinition.</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>18002</td>
<td>Validation</td>
<td><ul><li>Triggered Send Definition ID/Customer Key don't match (misspelled in code)</li>
<li>Triggered Send must be in an Active or Inactive status</li>
<li>No Triggered Send Definition ID or External key supplied</li>
<li>Triggered Send Definition ID is invalid</li>
<li>The Triggered Send Object must contain the Triggered Send ID or the Customer Key</li> <li>The TriggeredSendDefinitionID provided is not valid for this account</li>
<li>Invalid Customer Key</li>
<li>The Triggered Send Definition is not completely configured or in a new status</li></ul></td>
<td><ul><li>Ensure the Triggered Send Definition is started.</li>
<li>Complete the configuration of the Triggered Send Definition or start the Triggered SendDefinition.</li>
<li>Ensure the Triggered Send Definition object contains a populated CustomerKey or ObjectID property.</li>
<li>Ensure the Triggered Send Definition object CustomerKey or ObjectID property is valid.</li>
<li>If the message states "Exception occurred during [CreateTriggeredSend]", contact Marketing Cloud support.</li></ul></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>18003</td>
<td>System</td>
<td>Exception occurred during [CreateTriggeredSend]</td>
<td>Contact Marketing Cloud support.</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>18004</td>
<td>System</td>
<td>Exception occurred during [CreateTriggeredSend]</td>
<td>Contact Marketing Cloud support.</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>18005</td>
<td>System</td>
<td>Exception occurred during [CreateTriggeredSend]</td>
<td>Contact Marketing Cloud support.</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>18006</td>
<td>Validation or System</td>
<td><ul><li>Unhandled exceptions related to TriggeredSend subscriber processing</li>
<li>Subscriber was excluded by domain exclusion list</li>
<li>Subscriber Owner FromEmail property value is set to an invalid email address</li></ul></td>
<td><ul><li>If using the FromEmail property on the Subscriber's Owner object, ensure the value is a valid email address.</li>
<li>If this code is on the Subscriber in the SubscriberFailures array on the TriggeredSendCreateResult object, log the subscriber and mark them undeliverable (as the email address' domain in on the Marketing Cloud spam filter).</li>
<li>Contact Marketing Cloud support.</li></ul></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>180007</td>
<td>Validation</td>
<td>The Triggered Send Object must have subscribers associated with it</td>
<td>Add one or many Subscribers to the TriggeredSend object.</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>180008</td>
<td>Validation</td>
<td><ul><li>Unable to queue Triggered Send request. There are no valid subscribers</li>
<li>Triggered Send request was not queued. There are no valid subscribers</li></ul></td>
<td><ul><li>If using SOAP, check the SubscriberFailures array on the TriggeredSendCreateResult object.</li>
<li>Ensure all required attributes of the subscriber are passed in.</li></ul></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>180015</td>
<td>Validation</td>
<td>Triggered Send Data Extension is missing or misconfigured</td>
<td>Modify the triggered send definition to point to an existing triggered send data extension.</td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>
