---
title: BusinessRule
---
The BusinessRule object contains business rules for your account. To update or retrieve the BusinessRule object, you must be a Marketing Cloud admin.

##Properties
<table class="table table-hover"> <thead align="left"><tr><th>Name</th><th>Data Type</th><th>Description</th></tr></thead> <tbody><tr><td>BusinessRuleID</td><td>xsd:int</td><td>Reserved for future use.</td></tr><tr><td>Client</td><td>ClientID</td><td>Specifies the account ownership and context of an object.</td></tr><tr><td>CorrelationID</td><td>xsd:string</td><td>Identifies correlation of objects across several requests.</td></tr><tr><td>CreatedDate</td><td>xsd:dateTime</td><td>Read-only date and time of the object's creation.</td></tr><tr><td>CustomerKey</td><td>xsd:string</td><td>User-supplied unique identifier for an object within an object type. This property corresponds to the external key assigned to an object in Marketing Cloud.</td></tr><tr><td>Data</td><td>xsd:int</td><td>Data associated with label or brand tag,switched in by system to provide brand tag information (such as email footers).</td></tr><tr><td>Description</td><td>xsd:string</td><td>Describes and provides information regarding the object.</td></tr><tr><td>DisplayName</td><td>xsd:string</td><td>Name to be displayed for an item within a Portfolio.</td></tr><tr><td>ID</td><td>xsd:int</td><td>Read-only identifier for an object. Some objects use the ObjectID property as the Marketing Cloud unique ID.</td></tr><tr><td>IsInheritedFromParent</td><td>xsd:boolean</td><td>Reserved for future use.</td></tr><tr><td>IsViewable</td><td>xsd:boolean</td><td>Indicates whether the property is viewable by the end-user in the profile center.</td></tr><tr><td>MemberBusinessRuleID</td><td>xsd:int</td><td>Reserved for future use.</td></tr><tr><td>ModifiedDate</td><td>Nullable&#96;1</td><td>Indicates the last time object information was modified.</td></tr><tr><td>Name</td><td>xsd:string</td><td>Name of the object or property.</td></tr><tr><td>ObjectID</td><td>xsd:string</td><td>System-controlled, read-only text string identifier for object.</td></tr><tr><td>ObjectState</td><td>xsd:string</td><td>Reserved for future use.</td></tr><tr><td>Owner</td><td>Owner</td><td>Describes account ownership of subscriber in an on-your-behalf account.</td></tr><tr><td>PartnerKey</td><td>xsd:string</td><td>Unique identifier provided by partner for an object. This property is accessible only via API.</td></tr><tr><td>PartnerProperties</td><td>APIProperty[]</td><td>A collection of metadata supplied by the client and stored by the system. These properties are accessible only via API.</td></tr><tr><td>ProductCode</td><td>xsd:string</td><td>Reserved for future use.</td></tr><tr><td>Quality</td><td>xsd:string</td><td>Reserved for future use.</td></tr><tr><td>Type</td><td>xsd:string</td><td>Indicates type of specific list. Valid values include Public, Private, Salesforce, GlobalUnsubscribe, and Master. Indicates the type of email to send to the address. Valid values include Text and HTML.</td></tr></tbody></table>

##Related Items
* [Supported Operations for Objects and Methods](https://developer.salesforce.com/docs/atlas.en-us.mc-apis.meta/mc-apis/supported_operations_for_objects_and_methods.htm)
