---
title: DataExtensionField
---
The DataExtensionField object represents a field within a data extension. You can perform a retrieve call on this object and request DataExtension.CustomerKey.

##Properties
<table class="table table-hover"> <thead align="left"><tr><th>Name</th><th>Data Type</th><th>Description</th></tr></thead> <tbody><tr><td>AttributeMaps</td><td>AttributeMap[]</td><td>Reserved for future use.</td></tr><tr><td>Client</td><td>ClientID</td><td>Specifies the account ownership and context of an object.</td></tr><tr><td>CorrelationID</td><td>xsd:string</td><td>Identifies correlation of objects across several requests.</td></tr><tr><td>CreatedDate</td><td>xsd:dateTime</td><td>Read-only date and time of the object's creation.</td></tr><tr><td>CustomerKey</td><td>xsd:string</td><td>User-supplied unique identifier for an object within an object type, which corresponds to the external key assigned to an object in Marketing Cloud.</td></tr><tr><td>DataExtension</td><td>DataExtension</td><td>Specifies the data extension.</td></tr><tr><td>DataType</td><td>xsd:string</td><td>This has been deprecated. Use ValueType. (PropertyDefinition) The data type of the parameter that is passed to the Data Extract, which can be used to dynamically build a user interface with some basic data validation. (ExtractParameterDescription)</td></tr><tr><td>DefaultValue</td><td>xsd:string</td><td>The default value for a data extension field if no value is supplied (Include Now() as the default value if you wish to have a field default to today's date). Used by ExtractParameterDescription as the default value for the parameter if not suppliedwhen a data extract is executed. Used by PropertyDefinition if the default value for the attribute if not suppliedfor a data profile attribute.</td></tr><tr><td>Description</td><td>xsd:string</td><td>Describes and provides information regarding the object.</td></tr><tr><td>DisplayOrder</td><td>xsd:int</td><td>Specifies the position in which the attribute appears on the Subscriber Profile Center page.</td></tr><tr><td>FieldType</td><td>[DataExtensionFieldType](dataextensionfieldtype.htm)</td><td>Designates data type for a data extension field.</td></tr><tr><td>ID</td><td>xsd:int</td><td>Read-only identifier for an object. Some objects use the ObjectID property as the Marketing Cloud unique ID.</td></tr><tr><td>IsAccountProperty</td><td>xsd:boolean</td><td>Indicates whether the property is specific to the account.</td></tr><tr><td>IsContextSpecific</td><td>xsd:boolean</td><td>Reserved for future use.</td></tr><tr><td>IsCreatable</td><td>xsd:boolean</td><td>Indicates if the PropertyDefinition, ObjectDefinition, or DataExtensionField can be set on a Create call. A value of true indicates it is creatable.</td></tr><tr><td>IsEditable</td><td>xsd:boolean</td><td>Indicates if the property is editable by the end-user in the profile center.</td></tr><tr><td>IsFilterable</td><td>xsd:boolean</td><td>Indicates if you can filter on this property. Set to true to specify the property in a SimpleFilterPart in a Retrieve call.</td></tr><tr><td>IsNillable</td><td>xsd:boolean</td><td>Indicates whether the property can contain a NULL value.</td></tr><tr><td>IsPartnerProperty</td><td>xsd:boolean</td><td>Indicates if the property is specific to a partner.</td></tr><tr><td>IsPrimaryKey</td><td>xsd:boolean</td><td>Designates whether a data extension field is used as a primary key for that data extension.</td></tr><tr><td>IsQueryable</td><td>xsd:boolean</td><td>Indicates whether the property is queryable.</td></tr><tr><td>IsRequired</td><td>xsd:boolean</td><td>Indicates whether the property must have a value specified. Create calls must include a supplied value, while Update and Delete calls don't require a value.</td></tr><tr><td>IsRestrictedPicklist</td><td>xsd:boolean</td><td>Indicates whetherthe property has a restricted list of valid values.</td></tr><tr><td>IsRetrievable</td><td>xsd:boolean</td><td>Indicates if object data is retrievable.</td></tr><tr><td>IsSendTime</td><td>xsd:boolean</td><td>Indicates whether the property is a send time attribute.</td></tr><tr><td>IsUpdatable</td><td>xsd:boolean</td><td>Indicates whether object is updatable.</td></tr><tr><td>IsViewable</td><td>xsd:boolean</td><td>Indicates whether the property is viewable by the end-user in the profile center.</td></tr><tr><td>Label</td><td>xsd:string</td><td>Name or text that is displayed next to the field.</td></tr><tr><td>Markups</td><td>APIProperty[]</td><td>Deprecated.</td></tr><tr><td>MaxLength</td><td>xsd:int</td><td>Maximum length of the data.</td></tr><tr><td>MaxValue</td><td>xsd:string</td><td>Specifies the maximum value to set this property to.</td></tr><tr><td>MinLength</td><td>xsd:int</td><td>Specifies the minimum length of the data.</td></tr><tr><td>MinValue</td><td>xsd:string</td><td>Specifies the minimum value to set this property to.</td></tr><tr><td>ModifiedDate</td><td>Nullable&#96;1</td><td>Indicates the last time object information was modified.</td></tr><tr><td>Name</td><td>xsd:string</td><td>Name of the object or property.</td></tr><tr><td>ObjectID</td><td>xsd:string</td><td>System-controlled, read-only text string identifier for object.</td></tr><tr><td>ObjectState</td><td>xsd:string</td><td>Reserved for future use.</td></tr><tr><td>Ordinal</td><td>xsd:int</td><td>Indicates position of object within an array</td></tr><tr><td>Owner</td><td>Owner</td><td>Describes account ownership of subscriber in an on-your-behalf account.</td></tr><tr><td>PartnerKey</td><td>xsd:string</td><td>Unique identifier provided by partner for an object. This property is accessible only via API.</td></tr><tr><td>PartnerMap</td><td>xsd:string</td><td>Deprecated.</td></tr><tr><td>PartnerProperties</td><td>APIProperty[]</td><td>A collection of metadata supplied by the client and stored by the system. These properties are accessible only via API.</td></tr><tr><td>PicklistItems</td><td>PicklistItem[]</td><td>Represents a list of the valid values for the property.</td></tr><tr><td>Precision</td><td>xsd:int</td><td>Defines numeric precision for decimal properties.</td></tr><tr><td>PropertyType</td><td>PropertyType</td><td>Indicates the Marketing Cloud data type of the property.</td></tr><tr><td>References</td><td>APIObject[]</td><td>Indicates the object types of the referenced objects. Reserved for future use.</td></tr><tr><td>RelationshipName</td><td>xsd:string</td><td>Indicates the name of the relationship, such as One-to-One, One-to-Many.</td></tr><tr><td>Scale</td><td>xsd:int</td><td>Indicates numeric precision for decimal properties.</td></tr><tr><td>Status</td><td>xsd:string</td><td>Defines status of object. Status of an address.</td></tr><tr><td>StorageType</td><td>DataExtensionFieldStorageType</td><td>Indicates special storage properties for the field. Valid values are: Unspecified, Plain, Encrypted, or Obfuscated.</td></tr><tr><td>ValueType</td><td>SoapType</td><td>ValueType indicates the actual data type of the value that is stored in this property.</td></tr></tbody></table>

##Related Items
* [Supported Operations for Objects and Methods](https://developer.salesforce.com/docs/atlas.en-us.mc-apis.meta/mc-apis/supported_operations_for_objects_and_methods.htm)
