---
title: DeliveryProfile
---
The DeliveryProfile object contains information on a single delivery profile within an account, such as IP address, domain, header inclusion, and footer inclusion information.

##Properties
<table class="table table-hover"> <thead align="left"><tr><th>Name</th><th>Data Type</th><th>Description</th></tr></thead> <tbody><tr><td>Client</td><td>ClientID</td><td>Specifies the account ownership and context of an object.</td></tr><tr><td>CorrelationID</td><td>xsd:string</td><td>Identifies correlation of objects across several requests.</td></tr><tr><td>CreatedDate</td><td>xsd:dateTime</td><td>Read-only date and time of the object's creation.</td></tr><tr><td>CustomerKey</td><td>xsd:string</td><td>User-supplied unique identifier for an object within an object type. This property corresponds to the external key assigned to an object in Marketing Cloud.</td></tr><tr><td>Description</td><td>xsd:string</td><td>Describes and provides information regarding the object.</td></tr><tr><td>DomainType</td><td>DeliveryProfileDomainTypeEnum</td><td>Defines the type of domain associated with a delivery profile or send definition. Valid values include DefaultDomain or CustomDomain.</td></tr><tr><td>FooterContentArea</td><td>ContentArea</td><td>Defines footer content area to use as part of a delivery profile or send definition.</td></tr><tr><td>FooterSalutationSource</td><td>SalutationSourceEnum</td><td>Defines source of a footer salutation to use as part of a delivery profile or send definition. Valid values include: <ul> <li>Default</li> <li>ContentLibrary</li> <li>None</li> </ul></td></tr><tr><td>HeaderContentArea</td><td>ContentArea</td><td>Defines content area to be used in the header of a delivery profile or a send definition.</td></tr><tr><td>HeaderSalutationSource</td><td>SalutationSourceEnum</td><td>Defines source of header salutation for a delivery profile or send definition. Valid values include: <ul> <li>Default</li> <li>ContentLibrary</li> <li>None</li> </ul></td></tr><tr><td>ID</td><td>xsd:int</td><td>Read-only identifier for an object. Some objects use the ObjectID property as the Marketing Cloud unique ID.</td></tr><tr><td>ModifiedDate</td><td>Nullable&#96;1</td><td>Indicates the last time object information was modified.</td></tr><tr><td>Name</td><td>xsd:string</td><td>Name of the object or property.</td></tr><tr><td>ObjectID</td><td>xsd:string</td><td>System-controlled, read-only text string identifier for object.</td></tr><tr><td>ObjectState</td><td>xsd:string</td><td>Reserved for future use.</td></tr><tr><td>Owner</td><td>Owner</td><td>Describes account ownership of subscriber in an on-your-behalf account.</td></tr><tr><td>PartnerKey</td><td>xsd:string</td><td>Unique identifier provided by partner for an object. This property is accessible only via API.</td></tr><tr><td>PartnerProperties</td><td>APIProperty[]</td><td>A collection of metadata supplied by the client and stored by the system. These properties are accessible only via API.</td></tr><tr><td>PrivateDomain</td><td>PrivateDomain</td><td>Defines private domain to use as part of a delivery profile or send definition.</td></tr><tr><td>PrivateDomainSet</td><td>PrivateDomainSet</td><td>Contains information on the private domain set associated with a delivery profile.</td></tr><tr><td>PrivateIP</td><td>PrivateIP</td><td>Contains information on the private IP address associated with a delivery profile.</td></tr><tr><td>SMIMESignatureCertificate</td><td>Certificate</td><td>Contains information on SMIME certificate used to authenticate email.</td></tr><tr><td>SourceAddressType</td><td>DeliveryProfileSourceAddressTypeEnum</td><td>Indicates the source IP address type used with the delivery profile. Valid values include DefaultPrivateIPAddress and CustomPrivateIPAddress.</td></tr><tr><td>SubscriberLevelPrivateDomain</td><td>xsd:boolean</td><td>Indicates the use of a subscriber level private domain</td></tr></tbody></table>

##Related Items
* [Supported Operations for Objects and Methods](https://developer.salesforce.com/docs/atlas.en-us.mc-apis.meta/mc-apis/supported_operations_for_objects_and_methods.htm)
