---
title: DoubleOptInMOKeyword
---
The DoubleOptInMOKeyword object defines an MO keyword, allowing a mobile user to subscribe to SMS messages using a double opt-in workflow.

##Properties
<table class="table table-hover"> <thead align="left"><tr><th>Name</th><th>Data Type</th><th>Description</th></tr></thead> <tbody><tr><td>Client</td><td>ClientID</td><td>Specifies the account ownership and context of an object.</td></tr><tr><td>CorrelationID</td><td>xsd:string</td><td>Identifies correlation of objects across several requests.</td></tr><tr><td>CreatedDate</td><td>xsd:dateTime</td><td>Read-only date and time of the object's creation.</td></tr><tr><td>CustomerKey</td><td>xsd:string</td><td>User-supplied unique identifier for an object within an object type. This property corresponds to the external key assigned to an object in Marketing Cloud.</td></tr><tr><td>DefaultPublication</td><td>List</td><td>Specifies the default publication list to which to add a subscriber.</td></tr><tr><td>ID</td><td>xsd:int</td><td>Read-only identifier for an object. Some objects use the ObjectID property as the Marketing Cloud unique ID.</td></tr><tr><td>InvalidPublicationMessage</td><td>xsd:string</td><td>Specifies message to send in case a subscriber requests subscription to or unsubscription from an invalid publication list.</td></tr><tr><td>InvalidResponseMessage</td><td>xsd:string</td><td>Specifies message to send in case a subscriber sends in an invalid response.</td></tr><tr><td>IsDefaultKeyword</td><td>xsd:boolean</td><td>Specifies if account defaults to this SMS keyword action if no other options are available.</td></tr><tr><td>MissingPublicationMessage</td><td>xsd:string</td><td>Reserved for future use.</td></tr><tr><td>ModifiedDate</td><td>Nullable&#96;1</td><td>Indicates the last time object information was modified.</td></tr><tr><td>NeedPublicationMessage</td><td>xsd:string</td><td>Specifies message to send in case a subscriber sends in an response that does not specify a publication list.</td></tr><tr><td>ObjectID</td><td>xsd:string</td><td>System-controlled, read-only text string identifier for object.</td></tr><tr><td>ObjectState</td><td>xsd:string</td><td>Reserved for future use.</td></tr><tr><td>Owner</td><td>Owner</td><td>Describes account ownership of subscriber in an on-your-behalf account.</td></tr><tr><td>PartnerKey</td><td>xsd:string</td><td>Unique identifier provided by partner for an object. This property is accessible only via API.</td></tr><tr><td>PartnerProperties</td><td>APIProperty[]</td><td>A collection of metadata supplied by the client and stored by the system. These properties are accessible only via API.</td></tr><tr><td>PromptMessage</td><td>xsd:string</td><td>Contains message sent to subscriber to prompt response as part of the double opt-in process.</td></tr><tr><td>SuccessMessage</td><td>xsd:string</td><td>Defines SMS message to send if triggered email send succeeds.</td></tr><tr><td>UnexpectedErrorMessage</td><td>xsd:string</td><td>Contains message to send to subscriber in case of unexpected error.</td></tr><tr><td>ValidPublications</td><td>List[]</td><td>Defines valid publication lists for use with a double opt-in event.</td></tr><tr><td>ValidResponses</td><td>xsd:ArrayOfString</td><td>Defines valid responses a subscriber can use as part of a double opt-in process.</td></tr></tbody></table>

##Related Items
* [Supported Operations for Objects and Methods](https://developer.salesforce.com/docs/atlas.en-us.mc-apis.meta/mc-apis/supported_operations_for_objects_and_methods.htm)
