---
title: ListSend
---
The ListSend object specifies retrieve-only properties associated with the list for a completed send. If you conducted the send to a data extension, ListSend represents any associated publication lists. If you conducted a send to multiple lists, a ListSend retrieve on the SendID of that send would return multiple ListSend objects.

##Properties
<table class="table table-hover"> <thead align="left"><tr><th>Name</th><th>Data Type</th><th>Description</th></tr></thead> <tbody><tr><td>Client</td><td>ClientID</td><td>Specifies the account ownership and context of an object.</td></tr><tr><td>CorrelationID</td><td>xsd:string</td><td>Identifies correlation of objects across several requests.</td></tr><tr><td>CreatedDate</td><td>xsd:dateTime</td><td>Read-only date and time of the object's creation.</td></tr><tr><td>CustomerKey</td><td>xsd:string</td><td>User-supplied unique identifier for an object within an object type. This property corresponds to the external key assigned to an object in Marketing Cloud.</td></tr><tr><td>Duplicates</td><td>xsd:int</td><td>Represent the number of duplicate email addresses associated with a send (exists only when a send occurs to multiple lists).</td></tr><tr><td>Events</td><td>TrackingEvent[]</td><td>Reserved for future use.</td></tr><tr><td>ExistingUndeliverables</td><td>xsd:int</td><td>Indicates whether bounces occurred on previous send.</td></tr><tr><td>ExistingUnsubscribes</td><td>xsd:int</td><td>Indicates whether unsubscriptions occurred on previous send.</td></tr><tr><td>ForwardedEmails</td><td>xsd:int</td><td>Number of emails forwarded for a send.</td></tr><tr><td>HardBounces</td><td>xsd:int</td><td>Indicates number of hard bounces associated with a send.</td></tr><tr><td>ID</td><td>xsd:int</td><td>Read-only identifier for an object. Some objects use the ObjectID property as the Marketing Cloud unique ID.</td></tr><tr><td>InvalidAddresses</td><td>xsd:int</td><td>Specifies the number of invalid addresses associated with a send.</td></tr><tr><td>Links</td><td>Link[]</td><td>Contains an array of links included in a send.</td></tr><tr><td>List</td><td>List</td><td>List associated with an object.</td></tr><tr><td>MissingAddresses</td><td>xsd:int</td><td>Specifies number of missing addresses encountered within a send.</td></tr>
<tr><td>ModifiedDate</td><td>Nullable&#96;1</td><td>Indicates the last time object information was modified.</td></tr>
<tr><td>NumberDelivered</td><td>Nullable&#96;1</td><td>Number of sent emails that did not bounce.</td></tr>
<tr><td>NumberSent</td><td>Nullable&#96;1</td><td>Number of emails actually sent as part of an email send. This number reflects all of the sent messages and may include bounced messages.</td></tr>
<tr><td>ObjectID</td><td>xsd:string</td><td>System-controlled, read-only text string identifier for object.</td></tr><tr><td>ObjectState</td><td>xsd:string</td><td>Reserved for future use.</td></tr><tr><td>OtherBounces</td><td>xsd:int</td><td>Specifies number of Other-type bounces in a send.</td></tr><tr><td>Owner</td><td>Owner</td><td>Describes account ownership of subscriber in an on-your-behalf account.</td></tr><tr><td>PartnerKey</td><td>xsd:string</td><td>Unique identifier provided by partner for an object. This property is accessible only via API.</td></tr><tr><td>PartnerProperties</td><td>APIProperty[]</td><td>A collection of metadata supplied by the client and stored by the system. These properties are accessible only via API.</td></tr><tr><td>PreviewURL</td><td>xsd:string</td><td>Indicates URL used to preview the message associated with a send.</td></tr><tr><td>SendID</td><td>xsd:int</td><td>Contains identifier for a specific send.</td></tr><tr><td>SoftBounces</td><td>xsd:int</td><td>Indicates number of soft bounces associated with a specific send.</td></tr><tr><td>UniqueClicks</td><td>xsd:int</td><td>Indicates number of unique clicks on message.</td></tr><tr><td>UniqueOpens</td><td>xsd:int</td><td>Indicates number of unique opens resulting from a triggered send.</td></tr><tr><td>Unsubscribes</td><td>xsd:int</td><td>Indicates the number of unsubscribe events associated with a send.</td></tr></tbody></table>

##Related Items
* [Supported Operations for Objects and Methods](https://developer.salesforce.com/docs/atlas.en-us.mc-apis.meta/mc-apis/supported_operations_for_objects_and_methods.htm)
