---
title: ReplyMailManagementConfiguration
---
The ReplyMailManagementConfiguration object contains configuration settings for the reply mail management in an account.

##Properties
<table class="table table-hover"> <thead align="left"><tr><th>Name</th><th>Data Type</th><th>Description</th></tr></thead> <tbody><tr><td>AutoReplyBody</td><td>xsd:string</td><td>Contains the content of the message sent as an automatic reply.</td></tr><tr><td>AutoReplySubject</td><td>xsd:string</td><td>Contains the subject of the email message sent as an automatic reply.</td></tr><tr><td>Client</td><td>ClientID</td><td>Specifies the account ownership and context of an object.</td></tr><tr><td>CorrelationID</td><td>xsd:string</td><td>Identifies correlation of objects across several requests.</td></tr><tr><td>CreatedDate</td><td>xsd:dateTime</td><td>Read-only date and time of the object's creation.</td></tr><tr><td>CustomerKey</td><td>xsd:string</td><td>User-supplied unique identifier for an object within an object type. This property corresponds to the external key assigned to an object in Marketing Cloud.</td></tr><tr><td>DeleteAutoReplies</td><td>xsd:boolean</td><td>Specifies whether auto-replies to a send are deleted instead of forwarded to the RMM-configured email address. A value of <strong>true</strong> indicates the auto-replies are deleted. A value of <strong>false</strong> allows the messages to be forwarded.</td></tr><tr><td>DNSRedirectComplete</td><td>xsd:boolean</td><td>Specifies whether a reply domain's DNS has been redirected to the Marketing Cloud IP addresses. A value of <strong>true</strong> indicates a reply domain's DNS has been redirected.</td></tr><tr><td>EmailDisplayName</td><td>xsd:string</td><td>Specifies the From name associated with the From email address as part of reply mail management configuration.</td></tr><tr><td>EmailReplyAddress</td><td>xsd:string</td><td>Specifies the From email address to be used for outbound email messages within a reply mail management configuration.</td></tr><tr><td>ForwardingAddress</td><td>xsd:string</td><td>Specifies forwarding address for inbound emails resulting from a send.</td></tr><tr><td>ID</td><td>xsd:int</td><td>Read-only identifier for an object. Some objects use the ObjectID property as the Marketing Cloud unique ID.</td></tr><tr><td>ModifiedDate</td><td>Nullable&#96;1</td><td>Indicates the last time object information was modified.</td></tr><tr><td>ObjectID</td><td>xsd:string</td><td>System-controlled, read-only text string identifier for object.</td></tr><tr><td>ObjectState</td><td>xsd:string</td><td>Reserved for future use.</td></tr><tr><td>Owner</td><td>Owner</td><td>Describes account ownership of subscriber in an on-your-behalf account.</td></tr><tr><td>PartnerKey</td><td>xsd:string</td><td>Unique identifier provided by partner for an object. This property is accessible only via API.</td></tr><tr><td>PartnerProperties</td><td>APIProperty[]</td><td>A collection of metadata supplied by the client and stored by the system. These properties are accessible only via API.</td></tr><tr><td>ReplySubdomain</td><td>xsd:string</td><td>Specifies subdomain associated with a reply mail management subdomain.</td></tr><tr><td>SendAutoReplies</td><td>xsd:boolean</td><td>Indicates whether automatic replies are sent as part of a reply mail management configuration. A value of true indicates that automatic replies are sent.</td></tr><tr><td>SupportLeaveKeyword</td><td>xsd:boolean</td><td>Indicates whether a reply mail management configuration supports a leave keyword. A value of true indicates support for a leave keyword.</td></tr><tr><td>SupportMisspelledKeywords</td><td>xsd:boolean</td><td>Indicates whether a reply mail management configuration supports misspelled keywords.A value of true indicates support for misspelled keywords.</td></tr><tr><td>SupportOptOutKeyword</td><td>xsd:boolean</td><td>Indicates whether a reply mail management configuration supports an opt-out keyword. A value of true indicates support for an opt-out keyword.</td></tr><tr><td>SupportRemoveKeyword</td><td>xsd:boolean</td><td>Indicates whether a reply mail management configuration supports a remove keyword. A value of true indicates support for a remove keyword.</td></tr><tr><td>SupportUnsubKeyword</td><td>xsd:boolean</td><td>Indicates whether a reply mail management configuration supports a unsubscribe keyword. A value of true indicates support for a unsubscribe keyword.</td></tr><tr><td>SupportUnsubscribeKeyword</td><td>xsd:boolean</td><td>Indicates whether a reply mail management configuration supports a unsubscribe keyword. A value of true indicates support for a unsubscribe keyword.</td></tr><tr><td>SupportUnsubscribes</td><td>xsd:boolean</td><td>Indicates whether a reply mail management configuration allows subscribers to unsubscribe. A value of true indicates subscribers can unsubscribe via the reply mail management configuration.</td></tr></tbody></table>

##Related Items
* [Supported Operations for Objects and Methods](https://developer.salesforce.com/docs/atlas.en-us.mc-apis.meta/mc-apis/supported_operations_for_objects_and_methods.htm)
* <a href="managing_reply_mail_management_via_the_web_service_api.htm" title="Managing_Reply_Mail_Management_via_the_Web_Service_API">Manage Reply Mail Management</a>     
