---
title: ResultMessage
---
The ResultMessage object contains the results of an asynchronous call.

##Properties
<table class="table table-hover"><thead align="left"><tr><th>Name</th><th>Data Type</th><th>Description</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>CallsInConversation</td><td>xsd:int</td><td>Number of calls within an async API conversation.</td></tr><tr><td>Client</td><td>ClientID</td><td>Specifies the account ownership and context of an object.</td></tr><tr><td>ConversationID</td><td>xsd:string</td><td>Unique ID of initial async API call.</td></tr><tr><td>CorrelationID</td><td>xsd:string</td><td>Identifies correlation of objects across several requests.</td></tr><tr><td>CreatedDate</td><td>xsd:dateTime</td><td>Read-only date and time of the object's creation.</td></tr><tr><td>CustomerKey</td><td>xsd:string</td><td>User-supplied unique identifier for an object within an object type.</td></tr><tr><td>ErrorCode</td><td>xsd:int</td><td>Identifies the error of an API request.</td></tr><tr><td>ID</td><td>xsd:int</td><td>Read-only legacy identifier for an object. Not supported on all objects.</td></tr><tr><td>ModifiedDate</td><td>Nullable&#96;1</td><td>Last time object information was modified.</td></tr><tr><td>ObjectID</td><td>xsd:string</td><td>System-controlled, read-only text string identifier for object.</td></tr><tr><td>ObjectState</td><td>xsd:string</td><td>Reserved for future use.</td></tr><tr><td>OverallStatusCode</td><td>xsd:string</td><td>Represents overall status of conversation via async API.</td></tr><tr><td>Owner</td><td>Owner</td><td>Describes account ownership of subscriber in an on-your-behalf account.</td></tr><tr><td>PartnerKey</td><td>xsd:string</td><td>Unique identifier provided by partner for an object. This property is accessible only via API.</td></tr><tr><td>PartnerProperties</td><td>APIProperty[]</td><td>A collection of metadata supplied by the client and stored by the system. These properties are accessible only via API.</td></tr><tr><td style="text-align: left;">RequestID</td><td style="text-align: left;">xsd:string</td><td>Unique ID of initial async API call.</td></tr><tr><td>RequestType</td><td>RequestType</td><td>Defines request as synchronous or asynchronous API.</td></tr><tr><td>ResultDetailXML</td><td>xsd:string</td><td>Contains details of operation result in XML format.</td></tr><tr><td>ResultType</td><td>xsd:string</td><td>Defines result as coming from synchronous or asynchronous API.</td></tr><tr><td>SequenceCode</td><td>xsd:int</td><td>Specifies the processing sequence of a multi-step conversation.</td></tr><tr><td>StatusCode</td><td>xsd:string</td><td>Status of async API request.</td></tr><tr><td>StatusMessage</td><td>xsd:string</td><td>Describes the status of an API call.</td></tr></tbody></table>

##Related Items
* [Supported Operations for Objects and Methods](https://developer.salesforce.com/docs/atlas.en-us.mc-apis.meta/mc-apis/supported_operations_for_objects_and_methods.htm)
