---
title: ScheduleDefinition
---
The ScheduleDefinition object is a run-time set of attributes used to schedule an email send or program.

##Properties
<table class="table table-hover"> <thead align="left"><tr><th>Name</th><th>Data Type</th><th>Description</th></tr></thead> <tbody><tr><td>Client</td><td>ClientID</td><td>Specifies the account ownership and context of an object.</td></tr><tr><td>CorrelationID</td><td>xsd:string</td><td>Identifies correlation of objects across several requests.</td></tr><tr><td>CreatedDate</td><td>xsd:dateTime</td><td>Read-only date and time of the object's creation.</td></tr><tr><td>CustomerKey</td><td>xsd:string</td><td>User-supplied unique identifier for an object within an object type. This property corresponds to the external key assigned to an object in Marketing Cloud.</td></tr><tr><td>Description</td><td>xsd:string</td><td>Describes and provides information regarding the object.</td></tr><tr><td>EndDateTime</td><td>xsd:dateTime</td><td>Specifies end time of schedule definition</td></tr><tr><td>ID</td><td>xsd:int</td><td>Read-only identifier for an object. Some objects use the ObjectID property as the Marketing Cloud unique ID.</td></tr><tr><td>Keyword</td><td>xsd:string</td><td>Reserved for future use.</td></tr><tr><td>ModifiedDate</td><td>Nullable&#96;1</td><td>Indicates the last time object information was modified.</td></tr><tr><td>Name</td><td>xsd:string</td><td>Name of the object or property.</td></tr><tr><td>ObjectID</td><td>xsd:string</td><td>System-controlled, read-only text string identifier for object.</td></tr><tr><td>ObjectState</td><td>xsd:string</td><td>Reserved for future use.</td></tr><tr><td>Occurrences</td><td>xsd:int</td><td>Specifies number of times to run a schedule definition.</td></tr><tr><td>Owner</td><td>Owner</td><td>Describes account ownership of subscriber in an on-your-behalf account.</td></tr><tr><td>PartnerKey</td><td>xsd:string</td><td>Unique identifier provided by partner for an object. This property is accessible only via API.</td></tr><tr><td>PartnerProperties</td><td>APIProperty[]</td><td>A collection of metadata supplied by the client and stored by the system. These properties are accessible only via API.</td></tr><tr><td>Recurrence</td><td>Recurrence</td><td>Interval of recurrence type.</td></tr><tr><td>RecurrenceRangeType</td><td>RecurrenceRangeTypeEnum</td><td>Defines how a recurrence type ends.</td></tr><tr><td>RecurrenceType</td><td>RecurrenceTypeEnum</td><td>Specifies type of recurrence, such as daily or hourly.</td></tr><tr><td>StartDateTime</td><td>xsd:dateTime</td><td>Specifies start time of schedule definition</td></tr><tr><td>TimeZone</td><td>TimeZone</td><td>Contains time zone information for an Account. For Create and Update calls, this property defines the time zone for an Account object. On a Retrieve call, TimeZone indicates which time zone is in effect for the Account object in question. Without a specific time zone, the Account defaults to Central Standard Time.</td></tr></tbody></table>

##Related Items
<a href="scheduling_a_user_initiated_email_message_send_via_the_web_service_api.htm" title="Scheduling_a_User-Initiated_Email_Message_Send_Via_the_Web_Service_API">Schedule a User-Initiated Email Message Send</a>     
