---
title: SendClassification
---
The SendClassification object represents a send classification in Marketing Cloud.

##Properties
<table class="table table-hover"> <thead align="left"><tr><th>Name</th><th>Data Type</th><th>Description</th></tr></thead> <tbody><tr><td>ArchiveEmail</td><td>xsd:boolean</td><td>Property definition.</td></tr><tr><td>Client</td><td>ClientID</td><td>Specifies the account ownership and context of an object.</td></tr><tr><td>CorrelationID</td><td>xsd:string</td><td>Identifies correlation of objects across several requests.</td></tr><tr><td>CreatedDate</td><td>xsd:dateTime</td><td>Read-only date and time of the object's creation.</td></tr><tr><td>CustomerKey</td><td>xsd:string</td><td>User-supplied unique identifier for an object within an object type. This property corresponds to the external key assigned to an object in Marketing Cloud.</td></tr><tr><td>DeliveryProfile</td><td>DeliveryProfile</td><td>Identifies the delivery profile included in a send classification.</td></tr><tr><td>Description</td><td>xsd:string</td><td>Describes and provides information regarding the object.</td></tr><tr><td>HonorPublicationListOptOutsForTransactionalSends</td><td>xsd:boolean</td><td>Indicates whether a publication list sends transactional email messages to subscribers that have opted out of receiving email messages. If this property is <strong>true</strong>, any subscribers that have opted out of receiving email messages on a publication list do not receive transactional email messages.</td></tr><tr><td>ID</td><td>xsd:int</td><td>Read-only identifier for an object. Some objects use the ObjectID property as the Marketing Cloud unique ID.</td></tr><tr><td>ModifiedDate</td><td>Nullable&#96;1</td><td>Indicates the last time object information was modified.</td></tr><tr><td>Name</td><td>xsd:string</td><td>Name of the object or property.</td></tr><tr><td>ObjectID</td><td>xsd:string</td><td>System-controlled, read-only text string identifier for object.</td></tr><tr><td>ObjectState</td><td>xsd:string</td><td>Reserved for future use.</td></tr><tr><td>Owner</td><td>Owner</td><td>Describes account ownership of subscriber in an on-your-behalf account.</td></tr><tr><td>PartnerKey</td><td>xsd:string</td><td>Unique identifier provided by partner for an object. This property is accessible only via API.</td></tr><tr><td>PartnerProperties</td><td>APIProperty[]</td><td>A collection of metadata supplied by the client and stored by the system. These properties are accessible only via API.</td></tr><tr><td>SendClassificationType</td><td>SendClassificationTypeEnum</td><td>Defines the type for the applicable send classification. Valid values include Operational and Marketing.</td></tr><tr><td>SenderProfile</td><td>SenderProfile</td><td>Identifies the sender profile included in the send classification.</td></tr><tr><td>SendPriority</td><td>SendPriorityEnum</td><td>Indicates priority set for a specific send. Valid values include: <ul> <li>Burst</li> <li>Normal</li> <li>Low</li> </ul> Your account must be enabled for burst sending to use this feature.</td></tr></tbody></table>

##Related Items
* [Supported Operations for Objects and Methods](https://developer.salesforce.com/docs/atlas.en-us.mc-apis.meta/mc-apis/supported_operations_for_objects_and_methods.htm)
<ul><li> <a href="creating_a_send_classification.htm" title="Creating_a_Send_Classification">Create a Send Classification</a></li><li><a href="creating_a_triggered_email_campaign_workflow.htm" title="Creating_a_Triggered_Email_Campaign_Workflow">Create a Triggered Send Email Campaign Workflow</a></li></ul>
