---
title: SendDefinitionList
---
The SendDefinitionList object specifies audience associated with an email send definition.

##Properties
<table class="table table-hover"> <thead align="left"><tr><th>Name</th><th>Data Type</th><th>Description</th></tr></thead> <tbody><tr><td>Client</td><td>ClientID</td><td>Specifies the account ownership and context of an object.</td></tr><tr><td>CorrelationID</td><td>xsd:string</td><td>Identifies correlation of objects across several requests.</td></tr><tr><td>CreatedDate</td><td>xsd:dateTime</td><td>Read-only date and time of the object's creation.</td></tr><tr><td>CustomerKey</td><td>xsd:string</td><td>User-supplied unique identifier for an object within an object type. This property corresponds to the external key assigned to an object in Marketing Cloud.</td></tr><tr><td>CustomObjectID</td><td>xsd:string</td><td>Represents the ID of the sendable data extension used as part of a send.</td></tr><tr><td>DataSourceTypeID</td><td>DataSourceTypeEnum</td><td>Defines data source to be used as part of send. Valid values include: <ul> <li>List</li> <li>CustomObject</li> <li>DomainExclusion</li> <li>SalesForceReport</li> <li>SalesForceCampaign</li> <li>FilterDefinition</li> <li>OptOutList</li> </ul></td></tr><tr><td>FilterDefinition</td><td>FilterDefinition</td><td>Defines filters to apply to an audience.</td></tr><tr><td>ID</td><td>xsd:int</td><td>Read-only identifier for an object. Some objects use the ObjectID property as the Marketing Cloud unique ID.</td></tr><tr><td>IsTestObject</td><td>xsd:boolean</td><td>Indicates the specified send is a test send. A value of true indicates a test send.</td></tr><tr><td>List</td><td>List</td><td>List associated with an object.</td></tr><tr><td>ModifiedDate</td><td>Nullable&#96;1</td><td>Indicates the last time object information was modified.</td></tr><tr><td>Name</td><td>xsd:string</td><td>Name of the object or property.</td></tr><tr><td>ObjectID</td><td>xsd:string</td><td>System-controlled, read-only text string identifier for object.</td></tr><tr><td>ObjectState</td><td>xsd:string</td><td>Reserved for future use.</td></tr><tr><td>Owner</td><td>Owner</td><td>Describes account ownership of subscriber in an on-your-behalf account.</td></tr><tr><td>Parameters</td><td>APIProperty[]</td><td>Container for key value pairs of parameters for objects.</td></tr><tr><td>PartnerKey</td><td>xsd:string</td><td>Unique identifier provided by partner for an object. This property is accessible only via API.</td></tr><tr><td>PartnerProperties</td><td>APIProperty[]</td><td>A collection of metadata supplied by the client and stored by the system. These properties are accessible only via API.</td></tr><tr><td>SalesForceObjectID</td><td>xsd:string</td><td>Identifies Salesforce object accessed via API interactions. The Salesforce instance determines this ID.</td></tr><tr><td>SendDefinitionListType</td><td>SendDefinitionListTypeEnum</td><td>Defines type of send definition list. Valid values include:<ul> <li>SourceList</li> <li>ExclusionList</li> <li>DomainExclusion</li> <li>OptOutList</li> </ul></td></tr></tbody></table>
