---
title: VoiceTriggeredSend
---
The VoiceTriggeredSend object is deprecated.

##Properties
<table class="table table-hover"> <thead align="left"><tr><th>Name</th><th>Data Type</th><th>Description</th></tr></thead> <tbody><tr><td>Client</td><td>ClientID</td><td>Specifies the account ownership and context of an object.</td></tr><tr><td>CorrelationID</td><td>xsd:string</td><td>Identifies correlation of objects across several requests.</td></tr><tr><td>CreatedDate</td><td>xsd:dateTime</td><td>Read-only date and time of the object's creation.</td></tr><tr><td>CustomerKey</td><td>xsd:string</td><td>User-supplied unique identifier for an object within an object type. This property corresponds to the external key assigned to an object in Marketing Cloud.</td></tr><tr><td>ID</td><td>xsd:int</td><td>Read-only identifier for an object. Some objects use the ObjectID property as the Marketing Cloud unique ID.</td></tr><tr><td>Message</td><td>xsd:string</td><td>Contains contents of results message.</td></tr><tr><td>ModifiedDate</td><td>Nullable&#96;1</td><td>Indicates the last time object information was modified.</td></tr><tr><td>Number</td><td>xsd:string</td><td>Indicates phone number to use in conjunction with a triggered send. Indicates number field type for field in a data extension.</td></tr><tr><td>ObjectID</td><td>xsd:string</td><td>System-controlled, read-only text string identifier for object.</td></tr><tr><td>ObjectState</td><td>xsd:string</td><td>Reserved for future use.</td></tr><tr><td>Owner</td><td>Owner</td><td>Describes account ownership of subscriber in an on-your-behalf account.</td></tr><tr><td>PartnerKey</td><td>xsd:string</td><td>Unique identifier provided by partner for an object. This property is accessible only via API.</td></tr><tr><td>PartnerProperties</td><td>APIProperty[]</td><td>A collection of metadata supplied by the client and stored by the system. These properties are accessible only via API.</td></tr><tr><td>Subscriber</td><td>Subscriber</td><td>Identifies subscriber used in call.</td></tr><tr><td>TransferMessage</td><td>xsd:string</td><td>Deprecated.</td></tr><tr><td>TransferNumber</td><td>xsd:string</td><td>Deprecated.</td></tr><tr><td>VoiceTriggeredSendDefinition</td><td>VoiceTriggeredSendDefinition</td><td>Specifies the triggered send definition associated with a voice message triggered send.</td></tr></tbody></table>

##Methods
<table class="table table-hover"><thead align="left"></thead><tbody><tr><td><a href="create.htm" title="Create">Create</a></td><td>Creates an individual object or a batch of objects.</td></tr></tbody></table>
